In the last lectures we learn a lot about how we can bind Daedalus listen to events how we can use directives
like energy class or NGF one thing which is import which I mentioned before is that start in front of
NGF and and.
I told you that the stars added to structural directives so directives which change the structure of
the dorm.
So why don't we add a two entry style entry class.
DS change something about the dorm too right.
Well not really with structural changes I really mean the addition and removal of elements you style
that antique class don't add or remove any elements.
They just change properties of some elements and that doesn't really influence the structure of the
dog right.
Or the overall flow of Dom didn't change.
That is why Engy class Engy style and all other directives which really don't add or remove elements
don't need to start.